SE-0362: Adopt Ben Rimmington's SwiftPM manifest API (#1695)
apple/swift-evolution: proposals/0362-piecemeal-future-features.md

### Swift Package Manager support for future features

> SwiftPM targets should be able to specify the future language features they require. Extend `SwiftSetting` with an API to define a future feaure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SwiftPM targets should be able to specify the future language features they require. Extend `SwiftSetting` with an API to enable a future feature:
```
